listen I had no idea that there was this
whole subculture for Muppet porn I'm
just trying to find reviews for this
movie online right and I stumbled upon
so many ruled 34 pages that ended up in
my bookmarks it was insane hot damn
Jenny Nicholson was even writing
articles for a Playboy about the secret
sex life of puppets and while I'm not
judging anybody who's into that it's a
cartoon myself I'm a stick to the hand
ties as far as this movie goes it almost
got sued for fronting on Sesame Street
and ruining the brand but I went into it
and while a lot of jokes did miss I
thought it was a decent rent it mainly
because of the twist let me explain so
this is actually directed by the son of
the great Jim Henson who was the guy who
created Kermit the Frog Ernie
dude worked on Sesame Street for decades
and jr. over here decided to take all
that and make a Robot Chicken episode of
his father's work by this thing is
Chinatown for puppets species be treated
worse than the orcs and bright and for
Phil Phillips who's the main character
he's got a law out against him and any
other stuffed individual because they
can't become cops considering something
that he did back in the day where he
failed to save his partner and he ended
up shooting an innocent civilian instead
years later he's a PPI and gets forced
to work with his old partner when a
series of connected murder starts to
happen see back in the 90s they were in
a very famous TV show called a happy
time gang it was pretty much their black
panther that should have gone into
syndication but since it did in all of
the stars pretty much fall harder than
Aaron Carter before getting hit one by
one by the serial killer Phil's brother
who was actually on the show and he
Charlamagne himself gets shredded and
worse than your high school homework did
Lyle who was also on the show is now a
drug lord and he gets to parked there's
these other two known as kissing cousins
who I think might have died from
genetics and Jenny who was the only
human on the show and has actually
Phil's ex gets casino in her own car now
if you saw the trailer you know the
killer is trying to pin it all on Phil
but if you also saw the red band trailer
he would have seen that red head and you
know that Phil services his client still
till they're happy even if the big twist
is that they're the bad guys
see remember that guy that I had
mentioned who feels shot earlier
considering something that he did back
in the day where he failed to save his
partner and he ended up shooting an
innocent civilian instead
yeah well that guy just so happens to be
this girl's father and all these years
she's been coming up with a plan to seek
revenge now that she's older girl even
married Elizabeth in order to bank on
the TV residuals but then gets the best
head of her life
when Philip shoots her and then
everything gets resolved it's a Muppets
movie where they smash I'd I don't
really have an ending for this thank you
guys for looking out this video
there's this thing with melissa mccarthy
movies right where i feel like she has a
lot of good jokes but the problem comes
in the editing room right where they
either don't cut it in time or they do
this thing where they just want to drag
it out or they leave a lot of the missus
in there and the bad part about it is
that i know she's been like in Comedy
Central or Saturday Night Live when it
comes to smaller skits she'd be way
funnier but when you make this hour 40
almost two-hour movie you're gonna see
so many of the messes right I don't know
what else to tell you I'm curious to
know your thoughts don't forget to
comment like and subscribe
and I'll send you some sugar for your
puppets